docs/advance/megatron_extension.rst, before:

Add models with the Megatron-LM backend
=========================================

Model
-----------

The most challenging aspect to use the Megatron-LM backend is implementing
the models for training. Currently, we implement Llama model that
support data parallelism, tensor parallelism, pipeline parallelism (also
vPP) and sequence parallelism. We also implement remove padding (sequence packing) on Llama
model, which can be found in `modeling_llama_megatron.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/llama/megatron/modeling_llama_megatron.py>`_.

To support other model, users are required to implement:

1. Implemnt a model similar to ``modeling_llama_megatron.py`` that satisfy the
   parallelism requirements of Megatron-LM. Then register your model in
   the `registry.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/registry.py>`_.
2. Checkpoint utils that can load full checkpoint (e.g. huggingface
   checkpoint) to partitioned models during the runtime. Then register
   your loader to ``weight_loader_registry`` in `weight_loader_registry.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/weight_loader_registry.py>`_.
3. Weight loader that synchronize the weight from Megatron to rollout
   (vLLM) model. Note that both the actor model and rollout model are
   partitioned during runtime. So, it's advisable to map the model name
   in actor model implementation. Otherwise, you may need an additional
   name mapping and even weight transformation. The weight loader implementation
   is in `megatron_weight_loaders.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/third_party/vllm/vllm_v_0_6_3/megatron_weight_loaders.py>`_.

Commit message:

Migrate to new image with FlashInfer 0.2.2 + vLLM 0.8.3 + SGLang 0.4.5 + MCore 0.12.0 + TE 2.2 + cuDNN 9.8.0 (#1237)
As support both, we let TE to choose attention backend now.

New Image:
`whatcanyousee/verl:ngc-cu124-vllm0.8.3-sglang0.4.5-mcore0.12.0-te2.2`

docs/advance/megatron_extension.rst, after:

Add models with the Megatron-LM backend
=========================================

Model
-----------


If use latest verl, we have direct support of ``GPTModel`` for Megatron backend. 
You can use the similar way of using Megatron to pretrain custom models. 
We list the steps here:

1. Find `model_initializer.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/mcore/model_initializer.py>`_
2. If your model is configurable by ``TransformerLayerSpec`` , you can
   directly use ``GPTModel``. Otherwise, Please implement a new
   ``ModelLayerSpec`` and ``ModelLayer`` here.
3. Use the right ``LayerSpec`` , ``TransformerConfig`` and ``HuggingfaceConfig`` 
   as arguments to initialize the GPTModel.
4. Return the model at last.


Add Models with old version of verl
-----------------------------------


The most challenging aspect to use the Megatron-LM backend is implementing
the models for training. Currently, we implement Llama model that
support data parallelism, tensor parallelism, pipeline parallelism (also
vPP) and sequence parallelism. We also implement remove padding (sequence packing) on Llama
model, which can be found in `modeling_llama_megatron.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/llama/megatron/modeling_llama_megatron.py>`_.

To support other model, users are required to implement:

1. Implemnt a model similar to ``modeling_llama_megatron.py`` that satisfy the
   parallelism requirements of Megatron-LM. Then register your model in
   the `registry.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/registry.py>`_.
2. Checkpoint utils that can load full checkpoint (e.g. huggingface
   checkpoint) to partitioned models during the runtime. Then register
   your loader to ``weight_loader_registry`` in `weight_loader_registry.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/models/weight_loader_registry.py>`_.
3. Weight loader that synchronize the weight from Megatron to rollout
   (vLLM) model. Note that both the actor model and rollout model are
   partitioned during runtime. So, it's advisable to map the model name
   in actor model implementation. Otherwise, you may need an additional
   name mapping and even weight transformation. The weight loader implementation
   is in `megatron_weight_loaders.py <https://github.com/volcengine/verl/blob/main/verl/third_party/vllm/vllm_v_0_6_3/megatron_weight_loaders.py>`_.
